nginx proxy adjustment (#9997)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/advanced/proxy/nginx.mdx

        server_name _;  # Accept requests for any domain

        # Specify DNS resolver for variables, this is Google Public DNS

>         # Please adjust this to a DNS resolver of your preference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # You should adjust this to a DNS resolver of your preference
```
